they're all beautiful my name is Big Ben
blitz and I'm about to lead on you a
thick and greasy weight if you're
anything like me you're tired of
self-proclaimed retro games where the
only thing retro buff and his lackluster
graphics or tiny resolutions
Johnny controls or health combinations
of all those things well I got something
for you like BAM okay so yeah I know
what you're thinking do you look at this
and you say no oh it's one of those
games but it's not just the graphics in
this game it's not just the aesthetic
during the controls it lives the retro
uh style it is a retro gaming is an NES
game through
let me show you why down there are some
games up there their content is this
held cell Brett roll call daddy
and a lot of people we're damn pleased
about that and they're they're starving
for this stuff go buy pretty much
anything this is the sort of game that
they should be getting
all right so it's not the best story you
know convoluted stories aren't really an
NES thing so points for that not really
much going on in the options but it's
serviceable you can change the screen
size to something a little bit bigger
it's not completely consistent with the
NES is so I like that
also there's three control schemes one
that's bound to work
the skin is easy to understand you have
a jump and shoot your jump makes you
actually jetpack around if you keep
pressing it and you can do it as long as
you have jetpack power which does run
down you can recharge it by simply not
jumping or flying around for a little
the controls are responsive something
that a lot of these games are missing
you press a button things happen the way
that you expect them to I can really
appreciate that
here's another place where his games are
crazy you can pick up sidekicks like in
shad Rehan that's another NES game this
isn't actually an NES game but whatever
so this thing Falls you around and it
shoots the same weapons that you do and
some that you can't and you can mix and
match between various combinations of
things though weapon pickups are random
so you never really know what you're
gonna get all the weapons are good but
some are better in some situations than
others
my personal favor is the one that looks
like a giant rotating fan blade
the thing I really like about this game
is this and yes pit sport it's kind of
hard to differentiate this between
today's a sunsoft and yes game or an
American Sammy on the ice game they're
so similar it's just so authentic it has
pretty much everything in NES game would
have for better or for worse it's got
slow down
it's got some fair share of weird
glitches some of which I really hope are
cleaned up in the steam version should
that come out later
password system
it's got responding enemies and all the
edge of screen weirdness that you'd
expect from a proper NES game
and wow it even has strength whickering
you could argue that this stuff is
actually kind of annoying but I love it
I mean think about it like this the guy
had to go way now this way to add this
stuff it wasn't just a byproduct of
laziness in this case
this game this head of zen-like quality
consistency it's consistently funded you
can just own out just have a good time
with it no matter how many times you've
done it that's something that's very
special hard to capture the game
definitely can be considered on the easy
side though it's really short and you
have unlimited lives there's the one up
on this one stage but you can't actually
pick it up it's a pretty good show
sorry I ran before you
you know the games a bit on the easy
side but is by no means a pushover
either
the game will kick your ass on occasion
especially if you're not paying
attention
so if you like what you see how about
you just go pick it up as three dollars
and asura the links in the description
it's not the best service but it's also
on Steam greenlight so how about you
voted up so we get a fair version of it
sometime hey thanks for watching if this
keep on rollin up